all right here once again is my fast co
American spirit and as you may recall
the last time I film this there are a
few things different first off
I vertical blind with a passion about
anyway that's regardless anyway there
are a few changes from the last time I
film this fan first off the blades were
reversed to the oak finish I had little
tulip shades on there and it was also
hanging on a 2x4 in my garage so um here
it is installed now in one of the guest
bedrooms in my new house looking great
it goes with the room perfectly you know
it's very powerful very good got very
bright very bright pink CFLs in
everybody's house now energy-efficient
very well it doesn't wobble as much I
really didn't do anything Blake Johnson
lives but what I did do was installed it
on a Westinghouse safety grace steaming
van rated box
that's what I install the fans on it I
put it in here originally there was just
one of those flimsy light boxes but
there's significant air movement in here
it's cuz it's powerful
this room is 11 feet by 11 feet works
great
significant slowdown on meeting
let's go get everyone i try and i lo
very slow
and they do it like that obviously so
you can't have the fan running and
reverse it there's updraft
in there you can see the wobble
you know
and oh we should probably never reviews
other than buy me right now because you
know mmm good heat circulation here
first off but secondly even on down that
low
Oh
nandhu
okay so anyway I hope you enjoyed